# WGU-D288-BackEndProgramming
 WGU task uploads for D288
Introduction
Throughout your career in software design and development, you will be asked to create, customize, and maintain applications with various features and functionality based on business requirements. For this assessment, you will create a Spring Framework Java back end for a web application using the solution statements provided in the requirements section of this assessment. The skills you showcase in your completed application will be useful in responding to technical interview questions for future employment. This application may also be added to your portfolio to show to future employers.

You will be building your project using IntelliJ IDEA (Ultimate Edition) in a WGU-provided lab environment in the LabFiles folder. You will be working with an existing MySQL database and Angular front end, which are supplied for you in the lab environment. You will share this project to your GitLab repository and backup regularly. Use the GitLab link in the web links section to create your Gitlab project in the WGU GitLab space, and prior to starting your work, reference the “GitLab How-To” web link to set up your project.

Note: Do not modify the given Angular front-end for this project.
Scenario
A travel agency has recently launched a complete overhaul of their front-end vacation bookings application using Angular and JavaScript. Lately, the front-end engineers have encountered various undocumented bugs when sending requests and fetching data from the back-end. Since the back-end was built in the early 1990s and the original developer has since retired and can no longer help troubleshoot, the existing team is concerned about the growing tech debt and lack of ongoing support. Your chief technology officer (CTO) decided to create a project to port over any mission-critical functionalities to a modern framework and has selected you, a software developer in Java, to start developing the minimally viable product (MVP) to migrate the legacy back-end to the modern Spring framework.